And then for resolvers,
let's make one for resolvers.
This one should be pretty simple.
So we can say describe resolvers and
tests.
I'll just pick one,
Update settings.
Let's just do feed, so
query.feed, let's do that one,
this can get more simple than that.
So we go here,
close that will import our resolvers.
Or is that a default export?
Yep, default export and
easily resolvers.test,
There we go, so resolvers,
Source resolvers.
Cool, so we got some resolvers here and
we'll just say, feed and
it's literally just an object.
So let's say resolvers.query.feed, and
we can just mark out all these values.
So, no, here we go look at the resolvers
and see what it's expecting.
Right now it's expecting your context to
have models and it's doing fine many cool.
I'll just mark that out.
No big deal.
So that's an object to the models on it.
And it has post object on it.
And that has fine mini,
and that's a method
that returns something.
I get this return an array of strings,
I can do whatever I want,
doesn't matter here.
So then Results, Equals that.
So we get the result
then I could say expect
results to equal whatever
is returned here.
Coming around that to us If I didn't
break anything that should work.
Cool, and we tested our
resolver a real test obviously,
you would you would test the input
of this but there's no input.
So you probably just test
to see that it was called.
I expect model.post.findMany
to have been called.
And that's what you would test for
because this is such a trivial example.
Cuz it's literally not doing anything but
other calling a factual argument.
Cool, just FYI, there is another
way to issue these queries and
mutations in a test without
having to create a server.
You could just use the GraphQL
function from GraphQL.
So this GraphQL function right here takes
a few things you can basically if you
invoke the function, I thought it
would give us some type definitions or
some TypeScript support.
But basically it takes
like four arguments.
But what it does is it's going
to return a promise that
when given like some typedefs,
some resolvers,
actually I think the queries
of first argument.
So you give it a queries and
typedefs and some resolvers at minimum,
then you can even like sent a context and
some stuff like that.
It's gonna return a promise
of the resolve result
which is pretty much exactly
what we're doing here.
So you can do that without even
setting up a server just by using
the GraphQL function.
In fact, this when people talk about
GraphQL this what they're talking
about is just one function.
GraphQL is just one function.
It's a function that takes these things
and resolves the value has nothing to do
with a server, has nothing to do with
a client, has nothing to do with anything.
It's a function that can take a query,
validate it against some type definitions
or some resolvers, and come up with
the result asynchronously, that's GraphQL.
So you can use this to
actually write a test.
The only reason you'd wanna
use the Apollo Server setup is
if you were testing something that Apollo
provided to you, you'd want to use that.
For instance,
if we started using custom direct does and
stuff like that, well yeah.
We're not gonna use that GraphQL thing
because that GraphQL function is not going
to know about a custom directives
would Apollo it though.
So you can't like bypass
a lot of that stuff.
So it's only good if you're just
only testing like simple queries and
mutations and things like that.